docs/index.md, before:


# Causalis

```{container} hero
:class: sd-text-center sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Evaluate the impact of the treatment on the outcome metric within the sample population, while controlling for confounding factors, to inform resource allocation decisions.
````
## Why Causalis?
````{grid} 1
:gutter: 2
:margin: 1

```{grid-item-card} **RCT Inference**: 
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl


Estimate effect in your AB test
```

```{grid-item-card} **Observational Data Inference**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Estimate effect on observational data
```
```{grid-item-card} **DML Inference Refutation**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Check assumptions and robustness of the inference
```

```{grid-item-card} **EDA for your Data**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Propensity score distribution, SMD, and other useful plots
```
```{grid-item-card} **Modern State-of-the-Art Casusal Inference**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Double Machine Learning Interactive Regression Model. Designed 
for capturing nonlinear effects
```
````

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
:caption: Main Sections
:hidden:

user-guide
examples
research
api
```



## Installation

```bash
pip install causalis
```
or from github directly
```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/ioannmartynov/causalis.git
```


## Explore Causalis
````{grid} 1
:gutter: 2
:margin: 2

```{grid-item-card} User Guide
:link: user-guide
:link-type: doc
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl sd-text-center

Causal Inference with Causalis instructions
```


```{grid-item-card} Real World Examples
:link: examples
:link-type: doc
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl sd-text-center

Applied Causalis to real world examples
```


```{grid-item-card} Research
:link: research
:link-type: doc
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl sd-text-center

Theory research
```
````
##### References

[https://github.com/DoubleML/doubleml-for-py](https://github.com/DoubleML/doubleml-for-py)

Commit message:

Updated examples, research documentation, and design templates: - Renamed `causalkit` to `causalis` across files, documentation, and imports. - Added new sections for Famous Datasets and Design Templates in examples. - Enhanced Research with refutation tests section and updated navigation links. - Updated stylesheet versions and MathJax configurations for better rendering. - Incremented project version to 0.1.1.

docs/index.md, after:


# Causalis

```{container} hero
:class: sd-text-center sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Evaluate the impact of the `treatment` on the `outcome` metric within the sample population, while controlling for `confounding` factors, to inform resource allocation decisions.
````
## Why Causalis?
````{grid} 1
:gutter: 2
:margin: 1

```{grid-item-card} **RCT Inference**: 
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl


Estimate effect in your AB test
```

```{grid-item-card} **Observational Data Inference**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Estimate effect on observational data
```
```{grid-item-card} **DML Inference Refutation**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Check assumptions and robustness of the inference
```

```{grid-item-card} **EDA for your Data**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Propensity score distribution, SMD, and other useful plots
```

```{grid-item-card} **Advanced DGP**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Data Generating Process with non-linear effects, unobserved confounding,
target treatment rate calibration, Gaussian copula, heterogeneous treatment effects and more
```

```{grid-item-card} **Modern State-of-the-Art Casusal Inference**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Double Machine Learning Interactive Regression Model. Designed 
for capturing nonlinear effects
```

```{grid-item-card} **And of course, Easy to Use💚**:
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl

Design templates, Baseline notebooks, Colored refutation tests, Real World Examples are separated from
deep theory
```
````

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
:caption: Main Sections
:hidden:

user-guide
examples
research
api
```



## Installation

```bash
pip install causalis
```
or from github directly
```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/ioannmartynov/causalis.git
```


## Explore Causalis
````{grid} 1
:gutter: 2
:margin: 2

```{grid-item-card} User Guide
:link: user-guide
:link-type: doc
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl sd-text-center

Causal Inference with Causalis instructions
```


```{grid-item-card} Real World Examples
:link: examples
:link-type: doc
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl sd-text-center

Applied Causalis to real world examples
```


```{grid-item-card} Research
:link: research
:link-type: doc
:class-card: sd-shadow-sm sd-rounded-2xl sd-text-center

Theory research with math and code
```
````
##### References

[https://github.com/DoubleML/doubleml-for-py](https://github.com/DoubleML/doubleml-for-py)
